Stuff that needs written:

Explanation of features and analysis of feature space
Fraser:
Todo:	Write code to analysis feature space - Tool to build code/feature/count maps has been built.
		Decide on which type of analysis we want to do - compare similarity of test/validation sets in terms of codes and features.
		Write about the results of the analysis
		On going - Aim to be finished by end of Friday.
		
Jamie:
Other string similarity metircs
Todo:	Write pipelines to perform the experiments - Complete
		Finish experiments - End Friday
		Write up the results - Monday
		Write up the algorithms - Monday

Anyone:
Section on nGram classifier technique
Todo:	Write pipelines to perform experiments - Complete
		Write about algorithms - Fraser to detail pipeline. Details on Basecamp
		Write about results - Tuesday

Jamie:
Add section to results on unique records
Todo: 	Re-visit old results and calculate measures for unique records - Analysis code for unique results written.
		Calculate stats for precision/recall/micro/macro - Done by Wednesday.
		
Graham:
Write up section on cost effectiveness
	Todo: Analysis how many unique records in 30millions
	How long to code those unique records and calculate the cost/benefit 
	Done by Wednesday?
	

Fraser/Jamie
Plot further analysis graphs for best performing algorithm
		F1 Score against each class, sorted by frequency.
	



Paper Plan

Abstract - OK, might need updated with new results

Introduction - Looks OK

Data Set - OK if we only use Lambert data, will need updated if we use NAPP HISCO data too.

Exploration of Dataset and Feature space.

Approaches to Classification - updated to new approach. 3 String similarity techniques - Jaccard, Dice and Levenshtein.

Paragraph that ties in the new pipeline stuff to old approaches.

Cleaning - OK

Edit Distance Classifier 

Individual Machine Learning Classifiers

Ensemble Approaches 

Ngram technique

Feature Selection/Feature Space - Update this and discuss: what are features, size of feature space, space overlap, uniqueness etc

New NGram Loss Function Technique - Only if the results are good

Summary

Evaluation

Sequence of Experiements

Accuracy Measures - give results for just unique records

Results

Discussions - Cost effectivnesss of human coders vs automatic techniques

Conclusions



Extra idea:
Compare quality of exact match look up with best performing machine learning classifier to highlight variations in human coding.
Easiest fix for valid comparison is keeping all the variables the same.


