Springer Paper To do list with importance and time estimates

Primary 

How much data can be classified using exact match only - Easy, can do this when re running experiments with current system.
Correctness measures when using only unique records - Easy, can do this when re running experiments with current system.
Give figures for micro/macro precision and recall  - Easy, can do this when re running experiments with current system.
Total cost: 1 Day?

Cost Benefit analysis for automatic coding in terms of cost and time - Easy, need figures from Lee about human coder time and cost. ML cost, initial system setup, training data and training time.
Time estimations for both human and ml etc
Total cost: Training time and benefit can vary - experiment to calculate a graph should take upto 7 days?

Discuss exact nature of features - Easy, no extra work.
Distribution of features across training and test sets, analysis of overlap - Need to build tool to analyse amount of overlap between each bag of words, ie intersection of the bags, draw Venn diagram. Time to build - 1 days. 
Possible visualization of the classification result or the feature space, a frequency table of description terms, etc.
could provide some insight in the nature of this task in terms of feature and cluster separation.

Secondary

Investigate efficacy of more advanced string techniques - Possibly build 2 other string based approaches from list below.Cost 3-4 days to build techniques and intergrate into pipeline.
Possible analysis of other string based approaches such as overlapping terms, overlapping hgh-entropy terms, bag-of-words Jaccard index, ontology-based graph distance 	of terms of corpus descriptions to terms in HISCO descriptions, etc. etc.
Possible further analysis of best technique, improvements for it in the scope of this problem

Tertiary

Section on what the system looks like now, possible trailer for next paper on multiple classification
- preview different techniques etc - No extra work, just thought :)